
**Why do you want to participate in research?**

Coming from Indonesia, I've realized that research opportunities are often limited, especially for those in high school/undergraduate programs. While there's a strong emphasis for research in STEM, it's often not universally open and reserved to the most talented. When I decided to come to the US to study computer science, I wanted to open up myself to these opportunities that didn't exist back home while being able to grow my skills and deepen my understanding of the subject. Joining the Forward Data Lab would give me the chance to contribute meaningfully to research in this field while continuing to gain practical knowledge that will complement my academic coursework.

**Do you have prior research experience? Describe it.**

I previously worked on two research projects. The first being with the department of special education which was using data analysis to develop new intervention strategies for young adults with disabilities. Most of it was collecting data by sitting down through interviews, conducting data processing using R, then researching new ideas based on the processed data. It was definitely an interesting experience as I got sat through the entire pipeline from when the research starts until the end and I also got some relevant experience with the IRB process. 

However, I think the second experience is more relevant to the position which was working with the Uncertainty Quantification Group to develop a tool that helps transportation engineers understand infrastructure vulnerabilities. For example, they could define a region like New York City and get all the data about the network in that particular region and more importantly the damages to structures such as buildings based on different natural disasters like earthquakes and floods. Most of this data was taken from various APIs such as USGS's ShakeMap, using strict calculations following the HAZUS manual while also using GNNs to build graphs and predict node and edge feature information.

**What is the most interesting/innovative project that you have done? Describe it.**

I definitely think the most innovative project I've worked on was the tool in my research but what comes second would definitely be Explorifyy, which is a platform that helps connects students with campus events and organizations. It was my first time working with mobile development, so I had to go through many pages of documentation and understand how to develop REST APIs in comparison to on the web. Furthermore, I had to take into account the scalability of the project since we decided on using Supabase 