**Why do you want to work at a startup?**

Last year I joined a startup under the iVenture Accelerator program at UIUC and learned a lot about the intricacies of being a founder and creating valuable products. However, the one thing that stood out most was the concept of "iteration." Being able to pivot and iterate on different ideas while still growing as a team creates this adrenaline rush and mindset where nothing is considered perfectly built. This approach completely contrasts with the academic perfectionism of chasing a 4.0 GPA. In startups, it's always about adapting to various scenarios and learning how to grow beyond initial difficulties. I want to continue cultivating this mindset where I can freely push code while constantly interchanging different ideas, embracing the uncertainty and rapid evolution that defines true innovation.

**Tell us about your career goals. What are some things you wish to accomplish if you get this position?**

In terms of career goals, I would say there are two ways that I'd like to grow in this particular role: technically and professionally. From a technical aspect, I'm definitely looking to continually develop my frontend engineering skills such as TypeScript and React. However, one thing I missed in my previous experiences is understanding the full pipeline of applying these skills. I took a UX design class this past semester, and that taught me a lot about how important design is from the whole perspective of understanding what consumers want. I saw that this position requires understanding how to translate design into the framework, which made me ecstatic. Professionally, I'd like to be at a place where I can learn from everyone, not only learning the engineering side of things but being open to sales, product, marketing, and whatever else can help both grow the company and myself.

**Why do you want to work at Manifest?**

Back home in Indonesia, I had heard about retirement accounts from my parents but barely had any idea about the whole process until recently. However, one thing that I definitely noticed is that it's slow, traditional, and half-hearted, meaning that you miss a lot of the steps that you should have taken. Being able to make this whole process a seamless experience through understanding the small details about your retirement account, such as tracking different amounts while still maintaining accurate data is super important, and I'd like to be able to contribute to a company that's revolutionizing how people approach their financial future. What excites me most about Manifest is the opportunity to work on technology that directly impacts people's long-term financial security and makes something traditionally complex much more accessible and user-friendly.

**Tell us about a person in your field that you admire. Why did you pick this person? How do you think you can be more like them?**

One person that I admire in this field is my older brother who currently works as a software engineer. Even though we both have differing ideas and ambitions, I've always looked up to him in terms of how much h